higher order function
Constructor function
first class functions
new keyword
iife
prototype
prototypal inheritance
this call apply bind
pure & impure functions
closures



1.  Higher order function
Higher order function are the functions which accept a function in a parameter or return a function or both

For Ex... ForEach method always takes another function inside it, so ForEach is a higher order function

Aesa function jo accept karle ek aur function ya fir wo return karde ek aur function




2. Constructor
A function which whenever invoked with "new" keyword, returns an object, if we use "this" keyword inside that function, it returns an object with all of the properties and methods mentioned inside that function, such function is called Constructor function\




3. First class function
A language is said to have first class functions when the functions in that language are treated as variables, you can save them, you can pass them as arguments to another functions




4. Prototype

-What does it contains
[[prototype]] contains many helper properties and methods which we can use to complete our task, let's say we crete an array and we want to know length of it, what do we do, we use .length property on array, did we created .length on that array, not but it still contains .length, the question is how?
the answer is, many properties and methods are already available to use built by javascript creators inside prototype of every object




5. prototypal inheritance
That's exactly what we're going to talk about now, inheritance is basically passing parent's features or properties to their childrens, to do the same thing in javascript with the help of prototype (one extra property always given by javascript to every object) is called prototypal inheritance.




6. this
this keyword is a special keyword in javascript which changes it's value in different context




7. pure function is any function which has these 2 features
i) it should always return same output for same input
ii) it will never change/update the value of a global variable

and impure function is opposite of it